Keepers of Creation is not a replacement for preparation, education, training, or experience in wilderness survival

If you attempt use what you learn in this game to survive in the wild, you may suffer serious injury or death.  We hope that this game increases your appreciation of the wild and encourages you to spend time in it, but it's important to make some things clear:

Do not enter the wild unprepared

Plan and pack for the worse case scenario.  Always wear proper clothing: never wear cotton; dress in loose layers; bring a jacket and a hat.  Create an emergency survival kit and carry it with you.  You should always be prepared to spend the night outside.  We encourage wilderness training before you enter the wild.

Do not enter the wild alone

Always bring a friend. Always tell someone your itinerary and when to expect you back.  Check in with park officials and share your plans  — they will be the first to respond if something goes wrong.

Do not approach wild animals

Every animal can behave unpredictably, especially when feeling threatened.  Preventing confrontations with wild animals is your responsibility, not theirs — take precautions and be prepared.  We encourage education about and preparation for the wild life in an area before you enter the wild.

Do not consume wild plants

The difference between an edible and poisonous plant can be nearly impossible to discern.  In the event that you choose to consume wild plants, we encourage education and training in the identification and preparation of edible wild plants, as well as confirming identification with a field guide before preparing or consuming any wild plant.

Do not consume wild mushrooms

We discourage this in the strongest terms we possibly can.

We do not condone the harm or killing of animals

We do not support factory farming and we appreciate those who instead choose to hunt to provide for themselves, their families, and their community.  If you hunt, kill animals that have lived a full life to support sustainable animal populations, and respect them by using all of their parts.

APPALACHIA INTERACTIVE LLC DISCLAIMS RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ADVERSE EFFECTS RESULTING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM THE CONTENT CONTAINED IN THIS GAME.